Documentation for index-manipulation and contraction API rework (#438)
Jutho/TensorKit.jl: docs/src/man/linearalgebra.md

# [Basic linear algebra](@id ss_tensor_linalg)

```@setup tensors
using TensorKit
using LinearAlgebra
```

`AbstractTensorMap` instances `t` represent linear maps, i.e. homomorphisms in a `𝕜`-linear category, just like matrices.
To a large extent, they follow the interface of `Matrix` in Julia's `LinearAlgebra` standard library.

> Many methods from `LinearAlgebra` are (re)exported by TensorKit.jl, and can then us be used without `using LinearAlgebra` explicitly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many methods from `LinearAlgebra` are (re)exported by TensorKit.jl, and can thus be used without `using LinearAlgebra` explicitly.
```

Furthermore, there are a number of tensor factorizations for both endomorphisms and general homomorphisms that we discuss on the [Tensor factorizations](@ref ss_tensor_factorization) page.

Finally, there are a number of operations that also belong in this paragraph because of their analogy to common matrix operations.
The tensor product of two `TensorMap` instances `t1` and `t2` is obtained as `t1 ⊗ t2` and results in a new `TensorMap` with `codomain(t1 ⊗ t2) = codomain(t1) ⊗ codomain(t2)` and `domain(t1 ⊗ t2) = domain(t1) ⊗ domain(t2)`.
If we have two `TensorMap{T, S, N, 1}` instances `t1` and `t2` with the same codomain, we can combine them in a way that is analogous to `hcat`, i.e. we stack them such that the new tensor `catdomain(t1, t2)` has also the same codomain, but has a domain which is `domain(t1) ⊕ domain(t2)`.
Similarly, if `t1` and `t2` are of type `TensorMap{T, S, 1, N}` and have the same domain, the operation `catcodomain(t1, t2)` results in a new tensor with the same domain and a codomain given by `codomain(t1) ⊕ codomain(t2)`, which is the analogy of `vcat`.

> Note that direct sum only makes sense between `ElementarySpace` objects, i.e. there is no way to give a tensor product meaning to a direct sum of tensor product spaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the direct sum only makes sense between `ElementarySpace` objects, i.e. there is no way to give a tensor product meaning to a direct sum of tensor product spaces.
```
